In this lecture we will learn about the each team will drag events.
All of these events were added as if each team L5 the drag events that each team gives us are on drugs
stored on drag on drag and on drag.
Enter on drag over on drag leave and don't drop the Andreyko start event is fired when the user starts
to drag the element.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example.
The on drag event is fired when the element is dragged.
Next we will go to the web browser and run our code.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example.
The on drag end event is run at the end of the drag.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code.
Then we will go back to the editor and look at another example to look at the next set of drag events
in HVM L.
We will write some code that will allow us to have drag text and a target box where we will be able
to drag and drop the text into first.
We will create the drag it will text.
We will give it an ID and also make it drag a will by using the draggle attribute.
Next we will make the container where the text can be dropped into.
We will give it a height width and border
let's write the code to handle the functionality of the drag and drop our allowed drop function will
take in an event and call the prevent default method on it to prevent default method stops the default
action which in this case would be the element going back to its original position.
Next we will write the drag element function which allows us to set type and data of the drag data.
Finally we will write the drop element function
the on drag enter event is run when an element does drag to a drop target on drag over is a drag event
that is fired when an element is Tregg over a drop target the on drag leave event is run.
When an element leaves a drop target the On Drop event is Renren an element is dropped.
In our development which will function as the drop zone we will add the on drag over event and make
it call or allow drop function.
We will also add the On Drop event to our development and make it call or drop elephant function.
We need to have the on start event fire the drag element function we wrote when the user starts to drag
the text in the paragraph element so we will add the following line to the opening tag.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code.
When we put all of this code together you will notice that we can now drag the text and drop it into
a box.
Females drag events are useful when we want to code functionality around the dragging and dropping of
elements on the web page in the next lecture.
We will learn about clipboard events and HMO.